Open Source Community License
Type C, Version 1.0
(c) Syncleus, Inc., 2004



A. DEFINITIONS

For the purpose of this license we will set forth certain definitions
for the ease of communications:

"you" - Any person granted use of source code under this license by the
inclusion of this license in the source by the author and copyright holder.

"program" - The Source code this license is bundled as well as any executables
and derivative work under copyright law. Any program this license is assigned
to, and means either the Program or any derivative work under copyright law.
Meaning any work containing the program or a portion of it, modified or
verbatim, and/or translated into other languages.

"Authors' Recursive License" - A special license granted to certain
contributors of the program. See section F below.

"this license" - The Open Source Public License - Type C Version 1.0 or any
later version at your option, as published by Syncleus, Inc. All
future versions will be in the same spirit but will correct any legal
oversights addressed by earlier versions.

"source code" - The preferred form of the program for making modifications to
it that make up the program in part or in whole. For executables this means the
source code, plus any modules that are needed to compile it, including scripts
that control its compiling. This need not include components not normally
needed for compiling such as operating system libraries, or the kernel.

"distribute" - The act of distributing, publishing, or otherwise making the
program available to one or more persons, in whole or in part.

"entity" - Any one of the following: person, group of persons, company
or entity under law.



B. SCOPE

This license addresses copying, distribution, execution and modification of the
source code. Everything else is outside the scope of this license and no rights
are granted either written or implied outside its scope.

You may not copy, distribute, execute, or sub-license except under the terms
and conditions of this license. Any attempt to do so outside of this license is
void and will immediately and automatically terminate any rights you have under
this license. This license is guaranteed not to be terminated so long as you
follow the rules and conditions of this license.

You are not required to accept this license since you have not signed it.
However if you do not accept this license then all privileges and rights
granted herein is void. Unless specifically granted through another legal
license you shall not have the right to copy, distribute, execute or
sub-license this program in part or in whole.

If for any reason you are not able to follow the conditions of this license
including, but not limited to, court order, agreement, or law, then you are not
excused from the conditions of this license. If for any reason you cannot
follow the terms and conditions of this license then you are not given the
privileges associated with them. For example, if you cannot provide the source
code to accompany the executable you cannot distribute the program.



C. EXECUTION

This License does not restrict execution of the program, including any uses of
its output so long as the terms and conditions of this license are upheld. The
right to execution is immediately revoked for any program under this license
found in violation of the terms.



D. DISTRIBUTION

You may copy and distribute the program according to the terms of this license
so long as you perform at least one of the following:

1. Offer the source code to be distributed through the same medium by which
the program is distributed at no additional cost except for the cost of
offering and distributing the source code.

2. Provide the program with a written offer for physical distribution good for
at least one year or until the distributing entity no longer exists, whichever
comes first.

3. Provide the program bundled with the source code. If the program is offered
without the bundled source code then the source code must still be made
available through one of the two options above.



E. LICENSE PROPAGATION

You may copy and distribute the program verbatim, according to the terms and
conditions of this license, so long as all copyright and warranty disclaimers
remain unchanged and all references to this license remain. All copies of the
source code and its individual pages must appropriately and in plain sight
contain a notice of this license. The program must be distributed with a copy
of this license and all notices should point to the included copy.

Propagation of this license, and the authors' recursive license below, is not
effected by mere aggregation of the program with other work on the same storage
medium. The propagation of these licenses only applies to work which were done
due to knowledge of the source code or output or were intended at some point in
its design to interact primarily with the program. This includes, but is not
limited to, libraries designed for the program, source code that is compiled
using the source code or portions of it, or programs designed specifically to
interact with this program closely invoking its execution with arguments or
inputs.

Any time you distribute the program the recipient is automatically granted this
license from the original licensor. You may not impose any greater restrictions
to the recipient and it is not your responsibility to enforce this compliance
of this license by its recipients.

You may copy and distribute, according to the terms and conditions of this
license, any modified version of the program or portion of it, creating a
derivative work, as long as all of the following conditions are met:

1. You must record what files you have changed and when they were changed and
include that record in the source code. Any files part of the source code which
were changed must have clear and obvious notices of what was changed. You can
record your changes in an external file included with the source code so long as
the files which were changed contain a clear and obvious notice pointing to the
external file.

2. You must allow any code you distribute that is derived from the program or
contains the program, in whole or in part, to be governed under this license.

3. You must grant an Author's Recursive License, as described in the section
Authors' Recursive License to any copyright holder of any source code used in
the program that your modifications interact with. You also grant the same
Authors' Recursive License to anyone that copyright holder had to issue an
Authors' Recursive License to in order to publish modifications. Interactions
are included, but not limited to, calling of functions, calling or using parts
of a class, using variables provided by the interface, and any similar
interaction.

4. If any notices are displayed in the output of the program making a notice of
warranty or license they must remain intact. If the nature of the program is
changed such that the output containing any such notices are no longer used an
equivalent notice must be placed elsewhere in the output in plain sight. The
only exception to this is if the program will no longer have any output at all,
or the output it produces is inappropriate to contain such a notice.



F. AUTHORS' RECURSIVE LICENSE

The Recursive Authors' License gives the following rights and privileges to the
individuals explained in section E subsection 3 above. The license is as
follows, ending at the end of this section:

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistribution of source code must retain the any copyright notices, and a
copy of this license, and any references to this license in the source code.

2. Redistribution in binary form must reproduce any copyright notices, and a
copy of this license.

3. The names of its contributors and copyright holders may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission.

4. The disclaimer in section G of this license is accepted.


G. DISCLAIMER

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.